https://bigfrontend.dev/problem1. implement curry()JavaScriptAmazonFlipkartYandexxiaomiVimeoGojekShareeasy  19857 accepted / 55385 triedCurrying is a useful technique used in JavaScript applications.Please implement a curry() function, which accepts a function and return a curried one.Here is an exampleconst join = (a, b, c) => {   return `${a}_${b}_${c}`}const curriedJoin = curry(join)curriedJoin(1, 2, 3) // '1_2_3'curriedJoin(1)(2, 3) // '1_2_3'curriedJoin(1, 2)(3) // '1_2_3'JavaScriptTikTokGoogleMetaAppleYandexRobloxShareeasy  16246 accepted / 51747 triedThere is already Array.prototype.flat() in JavaScript (ES2019), which reduces the nesting of Array.Could you manage to implement your own one?Here is an example to illustrateconst arr = [1, [2], [3, [4]]];flat(arr)// [1, 2, 3, [4]]flat(arr, 1)// [1, 2, 3, [4]]flat(arr, 2)// [1, 2, 3, 4]follow upAre you able to solve it both recursively and iteratively?3. implement Array.prototype.flat()JavaScriptTikTokGoogleMetaAppleYandexRobloxShareeasy  16246 accepted / 51747 triedThere is already Array.prototype.flat() in JavaScript (ES2019), which reduces the nesting of Array.Could you manage to implement your own one?Here is an example to illustrateconst arr = [1, [2], [3, [4]]];flat(arr)// [1, 2, 3, [4]]flat(arr, 1)// [1, 2, 3, [4]]flat(arr, 2)// [1, 2, 3, 4]follow upAre you able to solve it both recursively and iteratively?11. what is Composition? create a pipe()JavaScriptShareeasy  6196 accepted / 13371 triedWell done!You have solved it!what is Composition? It is actually not that difficult to understand, see @dan_abramov 's explanation.Here you are asked to create a pipe() function, which chains multiple functions together to create a new function.Suppose we have some simple functions like thisconst times = (y) =>  (x) => x * yconst plus = (y) => (x) => x + yconst subtract = (y) =>  (x) => x - yconst divide = (y) => (x) => x / yYour pipe() would be used to generate new functionspipe([  times(2),  times(3)])  // x * 2 * 3pipe([  times(2),  plus(3),  times(4)]) // (x * 2 + 3) * 4pipe([  times(2),  subtract(3),  divide(4)]) // (x * 2 - 3) / 4notes    to make things simple, functions passed to pipe() will all accept 1 argumentpipe([])(1)  pipe([times(2)])(1)  pipe([times(2), times(3)])(2)  pipe([times(2), times(3), plus(4)])(2)  pipe([times(2), subtract(3), divide(4)])(2)  37. implement Binary Search (unique)JavaScriptShareeasy  1839 accepted / 4844 triedEven in Front-End review, basic algorithm technique like Binary Search are likely to be asked.You are given an unique & ascending array of integers, please search for its index with Binary Search.If not found, return -1notePlease don't use Array.prototype.indexOf(), it is not our goal.39. implement range()JavaScriptShareeasy  2261 accepted / 4576 triedWell done!You have solved it!Can you create a range(from, to) which makes following work?for (let num of range(1, 4)) {  console.log(num)  }// 1// 2// 3// 4This is a simple one, could you think more fancy approaches other than for-loop?Notice that you are not required to return an array, but something iterable would be fine.40. implement Bubble SortJavaScriptAlgorithmShareeasy  1520 accepted / 3015 triedEven for Front-End Engineer, it is a must to understand how basic sorting algorithms work.Now you are asked to implement Bubble Sort, which sorts an integer array in ascending order.Do it in-place, no need to return anything.Follow-upWhat is time cost for average / worst case ? Is it stable?41. implement Merge SortJavaScriptAlgorithmSharemedium  774 accepted / 3570 triedEven for Front-End Engineer, it is a must to understand how basic sorting algorithms work.Now you are asked to implement Merge Sort, which sorts an integer array in ascending order.Do it in-place, no need to return anything.Follow-upWhat is time cost for average / worst case ? Is it stable?42. implement Insertion SortJavaScriptAlgorithmShareeasy  902 accepted / 1714 triedEven for Front-End Engineer, it is a must to understand how basic sorting algorithms work.Now you are asked to implement Insertion Sort, which sorts an integer array in ascending order.Do it in-place, no need to return anything.Follow-upWhat is time cost for average / worst case ? Is it stable?43. implement Quick SortJavaScriptAlgorithmSharemedium  863 accepted / 3362 triedEven for Front-End Engineer, it is a must to understand how basic sorting algorithms work.Now you are asked to implement Quick Sort, which sorts an integer array in ascending order.Do it in-place, no need to return anything.Follow-upWhat is time cost for average / worst case ? Is it stable?44. implement Selection SortJavaScriptAlgorithmShareeasy  773 accepted / 1556 triedEven for Front-End Engineer, it is a must to understand how basic sorting algorithms work.Now you are asked to implement Selection sort, which sorts an integer array in ascending order.Do it in-place, no need to return anything.Follow-upWhat is time cost for average / worst case ? Is it stable?48. search first index with Binary Search(possible duplicate array)JavaScriptAlgorithmShareeasy  1157 accepted / 3561 triedThis is a variation of 37. implement Binary Search (unique).Your are given a sorted ascending array of number, but might have duplicates, you are asked to return the first index of a target number.If not found return -1.notePlease don't use Array.prototype.indexOf(), it is not our goal.49. search last index with Binary Search(possible duplicate array)JavaScriptAlgorithmShareeasy  970 accepted / 2710 triedThis is a variation of 37. implement Binary Search (unique).Your are given a sorted ascending array of number, but might have duplicates, you are asked to return the last index of a target number.If not found return -1.notePlease don't use Array.prototype.lastIndexOf(), it is not our goal.50. search element right before target with Binary Search(possible duplicate array)JavaScriptAlgorithmShareeasy  764 accepted / 2067 triedThis is a variation of 37. implement Binary Search (unique).Your are given a sorted ascending array of number, but might have duplicates, you are asked to return the element right before first appearance of a target number.If not found return undefined.notePlease don't use Array.prototype.indexOf(), it is not our goal.51. search element right after target with Binary Search(possible duplicate array)JavaScriptAlgorithmShareeasy  703 accepted / 1876 triedThis is a variation of 37. implement Binary Search (unique).Your are given a sorted ascending array of number, but might have duplicates, you are asked to return the element right after last appearance of a target number.If not found return undefined.notePlease don't use Array.prototype.lastIndexOf(), it is not our goal.81. merge sorted arraysJavaScriptAlgorithmTikTokShareeasy  1291 accepted / 3516 triedYou are given a list of sorted non-descending integer arrays, write a function to merge them into one sorted non-descending array.merge(  [    [1,1,1,100,1000,10000],    [1,2,2,2,200,200,1000],    [1000000,10000001],    [2,3,3]  ])// [1,1,1,1,2,2,2,2,3,3,100,200,200,1000,1000,10000,1000000,10000001]What is time complexity of your solution?86. Generate Fibonacci NumberJavaScriptAlgorithmAmazonShareeasy  1154 accepted / 3818 tried011 = 0 + 12 = 1 + 13 = 1 + 25 = 2 + 38 = 3 + 513 = 5 + 8....[0,1,1,2,3,5,8,13 ...]Given 2 initial numbers, we can generate a sequence by adding the sum of last two numbers as a new lement.This is Fibonacci number.You are asked to create a fib(n) function, which generate the n-th Fibonacci number.What is the time & space cost of your solution?87. longest substring with unique charactersJavaScriptAlgorithmTikTokShareeasy  1110 accepted / 3314 triedGiven a string, please find the longest substring that has no repeated characters.If there are multiple result, any one substring is fine.longestUniqueSubstr('aaaaa')// 'a'longestUniqueSubstr('abcabc')// 'abc', or 'bca', or 'cab'longestUniqueSubstr('a12#2')// 'a12#'Follow-upWhat is the time & space cost of your solution ? Could you do it better?93. Generate Fibonacci Number with recursionJavaScriptShareeasy  916 accepted / 1991 triedWell done!You have solved it!In 86. Generate Fibonacci Number you are asked to create a fib(n).This could be simply done by a recursion, but it costs so much time that your browser freezes, don't try it with large numbers.const fib = (n) => {  if (n === 0) return 0  if (n === 1) return 1  return fib(n - 1) + fib(n - 2)}fib(10) // 55fib(1000) // timeoutCan you improve above implementation to make it work for fib(1000) ? recursion should still be used.100. detect circle in linked listJavaScriptAlgorithmShareeasy  896 accepted / 2456 triedA Singly Linked List is a bunch of nodes linked in one direction.class Node {  val: any  next: Node  constructor(val: any, next:Node) {    this.val = val    this.next = next  }}const node2 = new Node(2)const node1 = new Node(1, node2) // connect 1 -> 2A Node might link to a node before it, thus creating a circle.Can you write a function to detect it?Follow-upWhat is the space cost for your approach? Can you solve it without extra space?105. find the first duplicate character in a stringJavaScriptstringAppleShareeasy  1339 accepted / 2563 triedGiven a string which might have duplicate letters, write a function to find the first duplicate.firstDuplicate('abca')// 'a'firstDuplicate('abcdefe')// 'e'firstDuplicate('abcdef')// nullWhat is the time & space cost of your approach ? Can you do better?133. roman numerals to integerJavaScriptMetaShareeasy  1505 accepted / 3590 triedRoman numerals are represented by combinations of following seven symbols, each with a fixed integer value.Symbol 	I 	V 	X 	L 	C 	D 	MValue 	1 	5 	10 	50 	100 	500 	1000For Standard form, subtractive notation is used, meaning 4 is IV rather than IIII, 9 is IX rather than VIIII. Same rule applies to 40(XL) and 900(CM) .etc.Simply speaking, the roman numerals in standard form follow these rules.    symbols are listed from highest to lowest, from left to right    from left to right, if the next symbol value is bigger than current one, it means subtracting, otherwise adding.Please implement romanToInteger(). The input are all valid strings.romanToInteger('CXXIII')// 123romanToInteger('MCMXCIX')// 1999romanToInteger('MMMCDXX')// 3420145. most frequently occurring characterJavaScriptShareGiven a non-empty string, return the most frequently ocurring character.If there are multiple characters with same occurrance, return an array of them.count('abbccc')// 'c'count('abbcccddd')// ['c', 'd']Follow-up: What is the time & space complexity of your approach?147. Pick up stonesJavaScriptShareeasy  890 accepted / 2918 triedThere is a pile of n (n > 0) stones.Player A and Player B take turns to pick 1 or 2 stones from the pile. A starts first.Who picks the last stone loses the game.Now here is the question, is there a winning strategy for A or B ? If so, returns the player name. If there is none, return null.winningStonePicking(1)// 'B'winningStonePicking(2)// 'A'winningStonePicking(3)// 'A'winningStonePicking(4)// 'B'148. create a counter objectJavaScriptShareeasy  2975 accepted / 7211 triedCreate an object with property count, which increments every time count is accessed, initial value is 0.const counter = createCounter()counter.count // 0, then it should incrementcounter.count // 1counter.count // 2counter.count = 100 // it cannot be alteredcounter.count // 3155. create a count functionJavaScriptShareeasy  3299 accepted / 9052 triedWell done!You have solved it!Please create a function count(), when called it should return how many times it has been called, count.reset() should also implemented.count() // 1count() // 2count() // 3count.reset()count() // 1count() // 2count() // 3162. find the single integerJavaScriptAlgorithmShareeasy  3729 accepted / 9005 triedGiven an array of integers, all integers appear twice except one integer, could you quickly target it ?const arr = [10, 2, 2 , 1, 0, 0, 10]findSingle(arr) // 1What is time & space cost of your approach ? Could you do better ?163. integer to roman numeralsJavaScriptAlgorithmShareeasy  1547 accepted / 4401 tried    This is reverse of 133. roman numerals to integerRoman numerals are represented by combinations of following seven symbols, each with a fixed integer value.Symbol 	I 	V 	X 	L 	C 	D 	MValue 	1 	5 	10 	50 	100 	500 	1000For Standard form, subtractive notation is used, meaning 4 is IV rather than IIII, 9 is IX rather than VIIII. Same rule applies to 40(XL) and 900(CM) .etc.Simply speaking, the roman numerals in standard form follow these rules.    symbols are listed from highest to lowest, from left to right    from left to right, if the next symbol value is bigger than current one, it means subtracting, otherwise adding.Please implement integerToRoman(). The input are all integers within valid range.integerToRoman(123)// 'CXXIII'integerToRoman(1999)// 'MCMXCIX'integerToRoman(3420)// 'MMMCDXX'167. Intersection of unsorted arraysJavaScriptAlgorithmShareeasy  3953 accepted / 10110 triedGiven two arrays, find the intersection(items occur in both arrays)    arrays are not sorted, and might have duplicates.    you can modify the arrays    you can return the items in any order, but without duplicates.This is an easy problem, What is the time & space complexity of your approach?176. undefined to nullOne of the differences between null and undefined is how they are treated differently in JSON.stringify().JSON.stringify({a: null})      // '{"a":null}'JSON.stringify({a: undefined}) // '{}'JSON.stringify([null])         // '[null]'JSON.stringify([undefined])    // '[null]'This difference might create troubles if there are missing alignments between client and server. It might be helpful to enforce using only one of them.You are asked to implement undefinedToNull() to return a copy that has all undefined replaced with null.undefinedToNull({a: undefined, b: 'BFE.dev'})// {a: null, b: 'BFE.dev'}undefinedToNull({a: ['BFE.dev', undefined, 'bigfrontend.dev']})// {a: ['BFE.dev', null, 'bigfrontend.dev']}